urls that were use before  

https://freefrontend.com/css-carousels/

https://codepen.io/cbolson/pen/MYebgqj

https://codepen.io/MDJAmin/pen/GgpdKPy

https://codepen.io/cbolson/pen/LEENGmB

https://codepen.io/cbolson/pen/MYebgqj

https://codepen.io/Lenddy/pen/EaZJPZM

https://cssgradient.io/

https://cssgradient.io/

https://www.ninjaunits.com/converters/pixels/rem-pixels/

https://min-max-calculator.9elements.com/?14,18,320,800

https://github.com/Lenddy/Webster-lock-smith-website/commit/16842ab7da3c9893d7a034d127fb814fa92e120a



for the products and services colapsable make sure that 
1 on the carousel there is a btn to pause (for this just add it) 


2 that the carousel is not changing (auto rotating ) if their current  collapsable is not open (not really nesesary )

3 that there are at least 2-3 next imagest on the right for big viewport 
and 1-2 for smaller viewport  (so at the start when i first started to use it  i was see it 2 images that would be next  now i onwly see 2 )
(how this work in the original code there are 2 images on the right  when you go next the images that is on the left is the one that expands  and the image on the left moves smothlty to the left and on the right another pincture will show up , and for previouse  how it works is that  the images that is extended(or current) shrink and takes the spot on the left and moves the images that was on the left  to smothlty to the right and the image that was on the right fades out )


4 dynamicaly show the see more promp if there are links for it to go outside of the page

5 make sure that the carousel can be visible : some product/ services have longer description so that pushes the carousel beloow the visible  are (so the colapsable) might need to be made taller for those (the height of the colapsables should comabine the height of almost all the components inside of it )



for the modal find out why the links dont take the full width of the modal 


in the modal
in that smaller section there will have 
 the name as the header 
    and the links as  the boddy 

    the header will have a diferent background




for the smaller viewport in the side bar make the settings be higher (on the browser the phones  have to scroll a little more  to hide the serchar bar and then the  settings options shows at the end ) 

making component appear:
you might want to change the the show function from the app component to be in every individual component  (or find a way to send the information of being show (props)) so that you can have unique animations to show every sections


!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

and make the product and services sections to for exmaple match in teh height for the  descriptions  and when they are open to not  make the other section push  show  match the height  or if on sention is onpen ther other one does not look wierd (changes its height)

also for the stack of card have next and previouse   (just flip the order how they go next and fordwar like )

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!







for the right most shrunk images it could be better (when changing the z-index) puting it a litle later so that i looks a little better (i am ok with leaving it like this but for it to look smother, the problem is that when going next the right most  shrunk image  somtime shinks behind  the left shrunk image and sometimes it goes in front so is there is a way to make it shrinks but from the right so that it looks better or at least make it shrink from the behind the first image (left most shrunk image) ) and yes for example if i go prev it grows and fades  like is supoused to do but the it does not fade fast enogth because i can see it growing and goes on top of the 

shrunks images and in this case i am taliking about the last image (again like it supouse to ) because it goes behidn like it suppouse to  but the fade need to happen earlier or going behind to be  the current  and the opossit happens with next the picture that shrunks   the opasity of it is too fas to show  it need to be slower 

make the btn be disables when next or prev is click and also dont allow it to be click when the it is changeging automaticl like you did with the stack or cards  also when you maualy click next or prev  the timer resets to go to the next 

for the colapsable make the carousel adapt better to the smaller viewport

also make sure that you put a standart height for the the carousel  and make the colapsable sections take that into account so their height increase dynamicaly depending on the amount of height from the other components (in other words make it fix so that the  height given is sum to the height of the other components in the  colapsable)





Good, glad the content fix worked. Now let's go through your list — a few of these turned out to share one root cause, so I'll group them.

1. The flickering z-index ("sometimes in front, sometimes behind")

This isn't really an animation-speed problem — it's that z-index was inside transition: all 0.5s ease. Browsers treat z-index as a "discrete" (non-interpolable) property, and they're inconsistent about when a discrete property actually flips during a transition — start, middle, or end. That inconsistency is exactly the "sometimes front, sometimes behind" you're seeing.

On top of that, all thumbnails shared the same zIndex: 3, so when two of them tied, which one painted on top was decided by fixed DOM order — which has nothing to do with which one is visually leftmost/rightmost. That's a second source of randomness.

Fix, two parts:

Never transition z-index — list the specific properties you want animated (top, left, width, height, transform, opacity) and leave z-index out entirely. An untransitioned property just applies instantly and consistently, every time, every browser.
Give each thumb slot a distinct z-index, decreasing left-to-right, so the leftmost thumb (closest to the active image) is always on top and each slot further right is always one layer further back. That's what makes an incoming thumbnail read as "sliding out from behind the stack" instead of popping randomly.
2. Fade timing (too slow on prev, too fast on next)

Once opacity isn't lumped in with the size/position transition, you can give it its own duration per destination role:

Growing into .is-hidden (the "prev" case) → shorter opacity duration (0.3s) so it's already fully visible well before the grow finishes.
Shrinking into .is-thumb (the "next" case) → longer opacity duration (0.7s) so it stays visible longer while shrinking, only fading near the very end.
3. Disabling buttons during transitions + resetting the auto-timer

Added an isTransitioning lock (set on any rotation, manual or automatic, cleared after the transition duration) that disables both buttons. I also put items back into the auto-advance effect's dependency array — meaning any rotation (click or interval) restarts the countdown, so a manual click always buys a full intervalMs before the next auto-advance.

4. Mobile responsiveness

Added a useIsNarrow hook that swaps in smaller thumb size/gap/height below 640px, plus a matching CSS media query for the carousel's own height.

5. The collapsible clipping / "standard height" issue

Found the actual bug here: you have two separate collapse mechanisms stacked on top of each other —

css
.products ul li {
	max-height: 50px;
	transition: max-height 0.4s ease;
}
.products ul li.expanded {
	max-height: 500px;   /* ← hard cap */
}

...and also the newer grid-based one:

css
.item-body-collapse {
	display: grid;
	grid-template-rows: 0fr;
}
li.expanded .item-body-collapse {
	grid-template-rows: 1fr;
}

The grid version already auto-sizes to whatever content is inside it — that's the whole point of the 0fr → 1fr trick, no manual height math needed. But the outer li.expanded { max-height: 500px } is a hard ceiling on top of it. Add up your carousel (340px) + header (~44px) + description text (60–100px depending on wrapping) + close button (~40px) and you're already over 500px before mobile line-wrapping even makes it worse. That's your clipping.

Fix: delete the max-height/transition: max-height rules from .products ul li / .services ul li entirely and let .item-body-collapse do all the work — it already gives you the dynamic, content-driven height you asked for, for free.

Here are the full updated files:

Updated ImageCarousel.jsx with fixed z-index handling, per-role opacity timing, transition lock, and mobile responsiveness
Updated ImageCarousel.jsx with fixed z-index handling, per-role opacity timing, transition lock, and mobile responsiveness




?/